Hello, thank you for clicking on my video.
I’m Xiaoxuan, and in this episode, I’ll continue unboxing DVDs I brought back from Japan to Toronto.
This is a limited-edition “Sakamoto Ryuichi BTTB Box Set” released in 1999.
I found this second-hand set at Tokyo's Disk Union music store.
Japanese second-hand CDs are usually well-preserved.
Apart from the box having a slightly musty smell, everything inside is about 80% new.
When I opened it for the first time, I was shocked to find a 3.5-inch floppy disk inside.
It contains MIDI data played by Sakamoto Ryuichi.
It can be used on any device equipped with MIDI functionality.
The official recommendation is to use a YAMAHA MU100 or similar device
to more accurately reproduce the performance effects of the “Professor.”
Many friends left comments last time asking if I recommend this MUJI CD player.
So this time, I’ll let you hear the noise it makes when playing a CD.
See if you can accept it—this mechanical noise persists while listening to music.
The current volume is around Volume 20.
Now, let’s hear how it sounds at maximum volume.
Even at maximum volume, the physical noise cannot be masked.
Feel free to leave a comment—do you think this 14,900-yen CD player is worth it?
Due to copyright issues, I’ll stop the test here. Let’s continue with the unboxing.
This second-hand first-edition limited box set
still has the original shrink-wrap label from 1999.
It shows the pricing and detailed information from back then.
It inspired me to save the shrink-wrap labels
when I unbox Criterion Collection DVDs next time and keep them in the box.
It feels like the person who originally bought this album
must have been a hardcore fan of the Professor.
There’s even a magazine clipping from 1999 inside.
It mentions the release date, November 26, 1999, and the price.
Here’s another magazine interview and introduction about this album.
The Professor’s style and outfit instantly take you back to 1999.
At the bottom of the page, you can see the magazine’s name and year information:
"Yahoo! Internet Guide," January 1999 issue, page 99.
And now, for the highlight of this box set!
The sheet music for 8 tracks corresponding to the 3.5-inch floppy disk data.
Over 20 years have passed since November 1999, and the adhesive tape has deteriorated.
I will also release an exclusive “pure” version of this unboxing episode.
It will include an unedited, single-shot unboxing video showing every page of the sheet music.
Since it’s quite long, I won’t include it in the main video.
For those interested, feel free to check out the “pure” version later.
The “pure” version includes the sheet music for 8 tracks and samples of 14 songs (20 seconds each).
Thank you for watching this far—here comes the bonus content.
About Tokyo’s second-hand CD stores and more CDs I found.
This Sakamoto Ryuichi album was bought at Disk Union in Jinbocho, Tokyo.
The store is very small, so I couldn’t film there.
Later, I also visited the classical store at Ochanomizu’s Disk Union.
Disk Union has many branches, and prices are quite affordable.
Underneath the Uplink Cinema in Kichijoji, Tokyo,
there’s also a Disk Union store.
This branch is a mixed-type store.
Besides CDs, they also sell second-hand vinyl and even new vinyl records.
I found many second-hand CDs there, priced around 800 yen—less than 10 CAD.
Only the "Drive My Car" CD was bought new at Tower Records.
If it were a new vinyl record, it would probably cost 50–100 CAD.
These Joe Hisaishi CDs were just a few hundred yen.
In contrast to the rare Eiko Ishibashi albums, CDs by Yoko Kanno are everywhere in music stores.
I found CDs for "Cowboy Bebop," "Memories Trilogy," and "Ghost in the Shell."
There were also more childhood-memory film soundtracks.
I even bought two soundtracks for "Evangelion."
Does anyone remember the TV song “Brave young boy, go create miracles”?
I even got two “Sailor Moon” soundtracks (showing my age here).
Thank you for watching this far.
It’s a new year, a new start.
Here, I’m setting a goal to update at least bi-weekly.
This year, I’ll create more exclusive videos from the footage I shoot
for friends who are interested in collecting.